README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="color: orange" style="font-weight: bold;" >Velzon</h1>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/cpriego/valet-linux">
        <img src="https://poser.pugx.org/cpriego/valet-linux/license.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
</p>

Velzon is a Laravel [Amazon](https://amazon.com) clone project using the TALL stack ([Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Alpinejs](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine/), [Laravel](https://laravel.com/), [Livewire](https://laravel-livewire.com/) ).

* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Additional Features](#additionalFeatures)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

> Note: Work in Progress.

<a name="screenshots"></a>
## Screenshots

![home-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/home-page.png)
See the full home page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/home-page-full.png)

![shop-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/shop-page.png)
See the full shop page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/shop-page-full.png)

![checkout-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/checkout-page.png)
See the full checkout page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/checkout-page-full.png)

![cart-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/cart-page.png)
See the full cart page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/cart-page-full.png)

![admin-all-products-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/admin-all-products-page.png)
see the full admin all products page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/admin-all-products-page-full.png)

![stripe-payment-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/stripe-payment-page.png)

<a name="additionalFeatures"></a>
## Additional Features

- Pagination
- Filter products by price and items
- Related products & Popular products
- Price filter Slider

    Admin actions (crud):
- Admin dashboard
- Categories
- All products
- Manage home slider
- Manage home categories
- Sale setting
- All coupons
- Orders

<a name="requirements"></a>
## Requirements

-   Node v14.19.1+
-   npm 6.14.16+
-   composer 2.2.6+
-   php 8.0.17+
-   mysql 8.0.27+

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

Here is how you can run the project locally:
1. Clone this repo
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/josuapsianturi/velzon.git
    ```
2. Go into the project root directory
    ```sh
    cd velzon
    ```
3. Install PHP dependencies 
    ```sh
    composer install
    ```
4. install front-end dependencies
    ```sh
    npm install && npm run dev
    ```
5. Copy .env.example file to .env 
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
6. Generate key 
    ```sh
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
7. Create account and get `STRIPE_SECRET` and `STRIPE_KEY` [ here](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/dashboard). Make sure to copy `Secret key` and `Publishable key`.
    ![stripe-secret-and-key](public/assets/images/installation/stripe-secret-and-key.png)
    > Note:
    > - STRIPE_KEY=Publishable key
    > - STRIPE_SECRET=Secret key

8. Create database velzon  (you can change `database_name`)
9. Go to `.env` file 
    - set database credentials (`DB_DATABASE=velzon`, `DB_USERNAME=root`, `DB_PASSWORD=`)
    - paste `STRIPE_KEY=(your Publishable key)` and `STRIPE_SECRET=(your Secret key)`
    > Make sure to follow your `DB_USERNAME` and `DB_PASSWORD`
10. Migrate
    ```sh
    php artisan migrate
    ```
11. Seed
    ```sh
    php artisan db:seed
    ```
    > This command will create Fake Categories(6) and Products(22)
12. Run server 
    ```sh
    php artisan serve
    ```  
13. Visit `localhost:8000` in your favorite browser.     

    > Make sure to follow your Laravel local Development Environment.

<a name="tools"></a>
## Tools

- [Notion](https://josuapsianturi.notion.site/99485e04f4e64d9eb6535c4a4e633d38?v=c6a0008ec2fe459d8f2ffd64b1869a47) 

<h2 align="center" style="color: orange"> ~ HAVE FUN ~</h2>

<a name="contributing"></a>
## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

<a name="license"></a>
## License

Velzon is an open-sourced software licensed under [the MIT license](https://github.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update readme - add features list

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="color: orange" style="font-weight: bold;" >Velzon</h1>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/cpriego/valet-linux">
        <img src="https://poser.pugx.org/cpriego/valet-linux/license.svg" alt="License">
    </a>
</p>

Velzon is a Laravel [Amazon](https://amazon.com) clone project using the TALL stack ([Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Alpinejs](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine/), [Laravel](https://laravel.com/), [Livewire](https://laravel-livewire.com/) ).

* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Features](#features)
* [Additional Features](#additionalFeatures)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

> Note: Work in Progress.

<a name="screenshots"></a>
## Screenshots

![home-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/home-page.png)
See the full home page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/home-page-full.png)

![shop-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/shop-page.png)
See the full shop page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/shop-page-full.png)

![checkout-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/checkout-page.png)
See the full checkout page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/checkout-page-full.png)

![cart-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/cart-page.png)
See the full cart page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/cart-page-full.png)

![admin-all-products-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/admin-all-products-page.png)
see the full admin all products page [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/main/public/assets/images/screenshots/admin-all-products-page-full.png)

![stripe-payment-page](public/assets/images/screenshots/stripe-payment-page.png)

<a name="features"></a>
## Features

> These features are there on the Amazon website

- Authentication
- Show home, shop products, details product, cart, wishlist and checkout page
- Home page ( card go to the shop page, home sliders)
- Shop page ( Filter Products by categories and price option, products card)
- Details product page ( image, title, description, price, add to cart)
- Cart page ( show, delete, increase, decrease product, move product from cart to saved for later and vice versa, auto calculate subtotal )
- Wishlist page ( products cards, move to cart)
- Checkout page ( Billing address, payment method with Credit or debit cards and cash on delivery, order)

<a name="additionalFeatures"></a>
## Additional Features

- Pagination
- Filter products by range price slider and items
- Related products & Popular products
- Price filter Slider
- Home page ( latest product carousel )

Admin actions (crud):
- Admin dashboard
- Categories
- All products
- Manage home slider
- Manage home categories
- Sale setting
- All coupons
- Orders

<a name="requirements"></a>
## Requirements

-   Node v14.19.1+
-   npm 6.14.16+
-   composer 2.2.6+
-   php 8.0.17+
-   mysql 8.0.27+

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

Here is how you can run the project locally:
1. Clone this repo
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/josuapsianturi/velzon.git
    ```
2. Go into the project root directory
    ```sh
    cd velzon
    ```
3. Install PHP dependencies 
    ```sh
    composer install
    ```
4. install front-end dependencies
    ```sh
    npm install && npm run dev
    ```
5. Copy .env.example file to .env 
    ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
6. Generate key 
    ```sh
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
7. Create account and get `STRIPE_SECRET` and `STRIPE_KEY` [ here](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/dashboard). Make sure to copy `Secret key` and `Publishable key`.
    ![stripe-secret-and-key](public/assets/images/installation/stripe-secret-and-key.png)
    > Note:
    > - STRIPE_KEY=Publishable key
    > - STRIPE_SECRET=Secret key

8. Create database velzon  (you can change `database_name`)
9. Go to `.env` file 
    - set database credentials (`DB_DATABASE=velzon`, `DB_USERNAME=root`, `DB_PASSWORD=`)
    - paste `STRIPE_KEY=(your Publishable key)` and `STRIPE_SECRET=(your Secret key)`
    > Make sure to follow your `DB_USERNAME` and `DB_PASSWORD`
10. Migrate
    ```sh
    php artisan migrate
    ```
11. Seed
    ```sh
    php artisan db:seed
    ```
    > This command will create Fake Categories(6) and Products(22)
12. Run server 
    ```sh
    php artisan serve
    ```  
13. Visit `localhost:8000` in your favorite browser.     

    > Make sure to follow your Laravel local Development Environment and operating system.

<a name="tools"></a>
## Tools

- [Notion](https://josuapsianturi.notion.site/99485e04f4e64d9eb6535c4a4e633d38?v=c6a0008ec2fe459d8f2ffd64b1869a47) 

<a name="contributing"></a>
## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

<a name="license"></a>
## License

Velzon is an open-sourced software licensed under [the MIT license](https://github.com/josuapsianturi/velzon/blob/main/LICENSE)

<h2 align="center" style="color: orange"> ~ HAVE FUN ~</h2>
